[Payson] Previously on
Make It or Break It:
I'm not responsible
for the National Committee
choosing Marty over Sasha.
Yeah. Which maybe
I could live with if you
hadn't had an affair
with him!
You girls will not
be going to London.
I'm the National Champion.
You have to take me.
So I guess
you didn't tell your dad
about your mom and Marty.
[Kaylie] I couldn't.
My dad is dating Chloe Kmetko.
I will not let my dad
buy her expensive gifts
instead of me.
I just got off the phone
with Dr. Clijster.
She's in Boulder
for a medical conference,
and she's convinced
she can help Payson.
Your father and I have something
we want to share with you.
We're totally psyched
about our win here in London.
It is a great
confidence-builder,
and it shows we've
really jelled as a team.
Now, I know you get that a lot,
but in this case,
it's really true.
The six National Team girls
that just decimated
the entire EU?
We're like a family.
- I think I might vomit.
- Right behind you.
Hey! We're watching
this for a reason.
To make us feel
like even bigger losers?
On the contrary. To show you
what winners look like.
[Marty] It was
a big win for the USA.
I'd like to thank Ms. Beals
and the rest
of the National Gymnastics
Committee for their support.
We need to get prepared for
the biggest meet of the year.
In one month,
we are going to China.
China?
Wow. Will you take the same
six girls to Beijing?
Or will you consider
other National Team members?
For instance,
National Champion Kaylie Cruz?
As always, the best will go.
Liar.
- Are they not the best?
- No.
Then why did they go to London
while you remained
here in Boulder?
Because we choked.
At the last National Team
practice.
Choked.
That's an understatement.
And one you're now
going to pay for.
Didn't we already pay
by being left behind?
Unfortunately, no.
They won, without you,
and now you're all
behind the eight ball.
At the National Team practice
tomorrow you don't just
have to perform.
You have to prove that
they need you to beat China.
The girls who compete in China
will be considered the ones
to watch at the Olympics.
The girls who don't, well,
they'll just fade away.
And because you blew
the last practice, you need
to be flawless tomorrow.
In performance and attitude.
If Marty Walsh or a National
Committee member tell you
to jump, you do it.
Do you understand?
Yes, Sasha.
I hope so.
Because your careers,
your futures, your shot
at going to the Olympics
in 2012, all depend on
going to this meet in China.
That's all.
[Lauren] Could you believe
Kelly Parker?
Talking like she owned
the National Team.
Well, she can't
own our heads.
She would love nothing more
than not to have us
as her competition.
We stay home, she looks
like an even bigger star.
We have to ice her out.
So, Emily.
Did you ever get the story
behind your designer prom dress?
I told you,
my mom's boyfriend bought it.
Has he bought you anything else?
Diamond studs? Tennis bracelets?
No!
He didn't buy your new car,
did he?
Lo, knock it off.
Didn't you just hear Sasha?
We have the practice
of our lives to focus on!
Yeah, well, time to protect
what's rightfully ours.
[woman] Life in a wheelchair,
that's the fear, isn't it?
Of course it is.
Why else would you give up
the thing you were born for?
And why else
would the best doctors
tell you that Payson's
condition is inoperable?
What are you saying?
That we shouldn't be afraid?
Oh, no, you should be
very afraid.
Payson, would you stand,
please?
I propose to make
two incisions.
One here...
and one here.
I bore into the fracture
and inject a cement solution
which replaces the bone
mass that was lost
due to your injury.
Well, that sounds
perfectly safe.
There is a chance... small...
that the cement can leak
and travel to the lungs.
How small?
Oh, very.
I have developed
a device...
It's a balloon, actually,
that I insert into the fracture.
And it keeps the cement in place
and stops it from leaking.
I have done more than
100 procedures and had
only one failure.
Wow.
Wait a minute. Let's talk
a minute about the failure.
Mom, do you hear this?
I could do gymnastics again!
Isn't that what
you're saying?
If everything goes well.
And she could compete again,
this year?
- That's great.
- When can we schedule this?
Well, I'm only in Boulder
a couple more days,
- so we should schedule this...
- We're not scheduling this.
But this is my decision.
Mark?
Payson, your mom's right.
It's a family decision.
We'll talk about this at home.
Thank you, Doctor.
Thank you.
Mrs. Keeler?
You have some resistance...
It is, of course,
understandable.
Are there any more questions
you have for me?
Yeah, just one.
Do you have any children?
Well, no. No, I don't.
Thank you.
What is with this? You were
supposed to return my prom dress
to your boyfriend.
Honey, can't you keep it?
It's $600!
It doesn't matter to him.
You've worn it.
It's nice to have at least
one extravagant thing
in your closet,
it makes you feel
like a winner!
I don't have a closet.
And it makes me feel
like a charity case.
I thought things weren't
serious with this guy?
He was just trying to do
something nice for you.
- He doesn't even know me!
- See. Extra nice.
Extra creepy!
- Should I be worried?
- No.
Is he married?
I only dated
one married man,
and I learned my lesson
when his wife shot me
with that paintball gun.
Which really stings,
by the way.
You deserved it.
This man is not married.
He's a gentleman, so when and
if things get serious, proper
introductions will be made.
- Where's Payson?
- She went to pick up Becca.
She just left.
She seemed to like
Dr. Clijster.
Damn it!
Let me see.
I'm fine.
I knew this would happen.
She'd hear about the surgery
and want to have it.
Nothing's been decided yet.
[scoffs] It hasn't? Be honest.
It was decided
the minute we walked
into Dr. Clijster's office.
It was decided
when she saw how excited
you were with all of it.
- That's not true.
- Are you ready to tell her
she can't have the surgery?
Because the risks
are too awful?
Or even if she beats the risks,
it's highly unlikely that
she'll ever be great again?
I didn't think so.
So it's up to me.
I get to be the 'bad' parent,
the 'mean' one.
The one who has
to clean up the mess while
you go back to Minnesota.
Are you gonna throw that at me,
now? I live there so I can...
We had an agreement!
No more doctors.
We need to be
together on this.
You need to support me.
Dr. Clijster is only in town
for a couple of days.
Can't we have a rational
conversation about this?
[sighs] How dare you
call me irrational!
Maybe you should just
go back to Minnesota
and stay there.
Uh, is there one
where you're not kissing?
[chuckling] Well,
Paris is the City of Love.
It looks like you guys
had a really good time.
We did. But it's always
great to come home.
We missed you.
So, are you ready for
tomorrow's Nationals Practice?
Yeah.
Yeah, I got my new
double Arabian on floor!
I'm gonna use it to win
over the National Committee.
A double Arabian?
That's great.
So I'm guessing
Marty'll be there.
Yeah, well, uh,
he's our coach, so...
I'm gonna go get the rest
of the luggage but
I think there might be
something in there for you.
[chuckles]
It's really nice to see
you and Dad so happy.
Well, maybe love
does conquer all, huh?
I'm sorry you have to deal
with all this Marty business.
I know you haven't had the
easiest time training with him.
You gonna be OK tomorrow?
Yeah.
I'm not gonna let Marty
or anyone mess with my mind
or gymnastics anymore.
I know it's been difficult
for you to keep our secret.
Especially from your father.
I'm not gonna say anything.
I wouldn't want him
to find out and be humiliated.
[knocking]
Oh! Hi, Lauren.
You... You just missed Emily.
She left for work already.
[chuckles] That's OK,
Ms. Kmetko, I'm actually
here to see you.
Can I come in?
Um... Yeah.
[stammers] Come on in.
Is this where Emily sleeps?
Yes. She insisted that Brian
have the second bedroom.
Oh!
Here's the Javoni.
Emily told me your new boyfriend
bought her this dress.
Yes, he's very generous.
Almost too generous, which is
why we're giving it back.
I, uh, wonder what he'd do
with a used dress.
- Anyway, you remember my dad
from the gym, right?
- Uh-huh.
Well, that's what I wanted
to talk to you about.
You know I don't have a mom
around, and I thought of you.
[stammers]
Well, OK.
What's up, hon?
Well, ever since Summer
broke things off with Dad,
he's been back to his
old womanizing ways.
Womanizing?
This is hard to share, but
I think he might have fallen
back into his... sex addiction.
I see.
It's just so hard,
watching him go
to a different strip club
every night,
and every morning
a different woman
pouring coffee in the kitchen.
I mean, I don't even want
to drink out of the same cup!
They stay over?
Everyone knows how dangerous
promiscuity is.
He's probably
spreading diseases around
to all these women who think
he's only dating them.
- Oh...
- It's tragic.
He was so monogamous
with Summer.
- She was his true love.
- Oh.
[sighs] If only they could just
get back together.
What should I do?
Um...
Well, if I were you,
I would ask him to
get professional help,
remind him that his behavior's
affecting others,
as well as himself.
But let him know that
you love him, no matter what.
Wow.
I knew you'd have the answer.
You're so easy to talk to.
Well, I've been told
I'm pretty easy.
To talk to.
I should get going.
Maybe I can convince Dad
not to go on the prowl tonight.
- [door opens]
- Bye.
- [Lauren] Bye.
- [door closes]
[dialing]
Steve, can you call me?
We need to talk.
[closes phone]
I've decided I don't want
to have the surgery.
Are you sure, sweetie?
Do you... [clears throat]
Do you want to talk about it?
No. This is what I want.
[sighs] There's no guarantee
that something couldn't
go wrong.
And I'm so tired
of hospitals and doctors.
I just... want to be done.
We can understand that.
And gymnastics?
I think there are things in life
that are more important.
[rock music]
You know, you, uh...
You don't have to hang around.
I've got things under control.
This is a National
practice, after all.
My team.
I appreciate the offer,
but I think I'll stay, thanks.
I have three girls
on your team
and I want to look after
their interests.
What is that
supposed to mean?
You didn't take any
of my girls to Europe, Marty.
And one of my girls happens
to be the National Champion.
That decision
wasn't just mine.
It was the
National Committee's.
And your girls did try
to sabotage that practice.
- And me.
- We've discussed it.
And it will
not happen again.
I'm glad to hear it.
Look, I just ask
that you look at the girls
with an objective eye.
These two days
are crucial for them.
I have a totally
objective eye.
But you have to know,
they pissed off
the National Committee.
All right? I'll give them
a good practice today,
but tomorrow, they've got
to bring their A game.
Oh, they will.
Oh, hey, Teamies!
I guess that
still includes you.
Where do you come from?
You're like a recurring zit.
I'm sorry you girls couldn't
have joined us at the EU meet.
But I guess if you had,
we probably wouldn't have won.
That's in the past.
We're focused on China now.
And I'm still
the National Champ.
Yeah, a lot of good
that's done you.
No one missed you
in London, Kaylie,
no one's going to
miss you in Beijing.
Alright girls, gather 'round!
As you know, this practice
will determine which six of you
will go to China
to compete against
the best team in the world.
Today's practice is about
fine-tuning and perfecting
your routine.
Then tomorrow the National
Committee will help me
select the final six.
So make it count.
OK? Good.
Did I mention Marty added
a whip to a full-in
to my floor routine?
That gives me the highest D.O.D.
of anyone on the team.
Think again.
Kaylie just added a double
Arabian to her floor routine.
Pretty sure
that beats your full-in.
What?
Does Marty know about this?
He will now.
[upbeat music plays]
* It's a beautiful thing
[Kaylie] Hey, Marty!
* Come on now, check it out!
* Ch-ch-check it out
[crowd applauding]
* Movin' movin' up
to the glamarama *
* Gonna break it down
my killer karma *
Who's zoomin' who now?
* It's a beautiful thing *
[door closes]
Dr. Clijster just called.
She wanted to know
if we'd made our decision.
[scoffs] Did you tell her that
Payson doesn't want to do it.
I, um... I didn't.
Why not?
Because Payson does want it.
And if you were honest
with yourself, you'd admit...
Payson, I'm going to ask you
this one last time.
Do you want this surgery?
Tell us, honey.
Tell us why.
Because it's tearing
you guys apart!
Payson.
We love you.
And even if it doesn't
sound like it sometimes,
we love each other.
And we always will.
[Kim] We want you to be
honest about it.
Your father and I
are gonna be fine.
- We're here for you.
- I...
I still can't do it.
Sweetie, why?
Because I can see
how terrified you are.
Mom, I can see
the fear in your eyes.
My whole life, whenever I've
needed strength, or hope?
I could always look to you.
But when I look now,
I only see how afraid you are.
If you're that scared, Mom,
then I'm not brave enough
to do this.
I am a winner.
I deserve.
I am a winner!
Don't you agree?
[sighs] Did you see the look
on Kelly Parker's face
when Kaylie did
her double Arabian?
Maybe now she'll stop messing
with Kaylie's head.
Yeah, it's bad enough
she has to put up with Marty.
Every time he coaches her
she's probably imagining
him having sex with her mother.
What?
They did have an affair.
[sighs heavily]
I am a winner.
I deserve.
I am a winner!
The Rock girls
are ready for war.
All right, Kaylie,
pull out all the stops.
Let's see your floor routine.
[girl] Come on, girl.
You can do it!
[girl 2] Go, Kaylie.
Poor Kaylie.
Must be hard.
Being coached by the man
your mom had an affair with.
I'm surprised your parents
are still together.
Unless, of course,
your dad doesn't know.
You're gonna need
more than rumors
and trash talk to get to me.
[laughs]
Trash talk?
Kaylie, let's go!
Your teammates told me all about
your mom and Marty themselves.
I hope you don't think they're
really your friends.
Kaylie, come on,
let's see it.
I need a minute.
[Kaylie] What did you tell
Kelly Parker?!
What are you talking about?
She knows
about my mom and Marty.
And she says
you and Emily told her!
What?
She's so full of it.
I didn't say anything,
I swear.
What?
Oh, crap.
Emily and I were talking
about your mom and Marty
in the bathroom earlier.
But I thought we were alone!
Well, obviously you weren't!
And now the whole world
is gonna know!
Is practice interfering with
your little get together?
Kaylie, floor routine.
Right now.
What was that about?
Kelly Parker found out
about Mrs. Cruz and Marty.
How?! Who told her?
Apparently we did.
She was in the bathroom.
I swear, if I'm dished
one more load of drama,
I'm gonna lose it.
[cell phone ringing]
Hello?
[Steve] Look behind you.
What? [gasps]
Steve!
Why on earth haven't you
returned my phone calls!
My phone's been glitchy.
What's wrong?
Is everything OK?
It's come to my attention,
that you have a problem.
Nothing a course of penicillin
can't cure. [laughs]
That was a joke.
Which would be funny
if Lauren hadn't
dropped by last night
to tell me that
you were a sex addict.
What? Why would she say
something like that?
Because she knows about us and
she was trying to scare me off.
Oh, boy.
This is bad.
Yeah, well, it gets worse.
She was obviously desperate
to break us up.
She figured out that Emily's
$600 prom dress is from you.
- Oh, God.
- We've got to figure out what
to do here, Steve.
For starters, I've got to
tell Emily about us
before Lauren does.
I should've just
told her from the beginning!
If she finds out Lauren
knew before she did she's...
- Uh-oh.
- What? What?
[Chloe] Oh...
All right, Kaylie.
Let's see that double Arabian.
[girls giggling]
- [girls gasping, laughing]
- [girl] Nice.
* All I need
is a little time *
* A little time
to ease my mind *
* And all I want
is another way *
I'm sorry.
Can I start again?
Maybe we should take
out the double Arabian.
Why? I've nailed it
a bunch of times. I can do it.
If you can't do it for me
when the pressure is off,
how are you gonna do it for the
National Committee when it's on?
I need this move
to increase my score.
What you need is to prove
you're consistent, Kaylie.
That's all the
National Committee wants.
Let's just stick with the
routine
- you did at Nationals.
- Why?
So you can take
Kelly Parker to China
and leave me
at home again?
Look, I know you
and the National Committee
think I'm a one-hit wonder!
But it's not enough
to show them I can repeat.
I need to show them
I'm getting better!
I know what's best for you.
You've gotta trust me.
Trust you?!
Trust the man who had
an affair with my mom?!
How am I supposed to do that?!
- You knew, didn't you?!
- Knew what?
That my mother's new boyfriend
is your dad!
Why all the fishing around?
Why didn't you just tell me?!
Because I thought maybe
you knew and were just
keeping it a secret.
Why would I keep
that a secret?
So I wouldn't
put a stop to it.
Having a rich stepfather would
make your life much easier.
I mean, you don't even
have your own bedroom.
For your information, the only
reason I'd ever keep it a secret
is because I'm embarrassed
my mother would even consider
dating your dad.
You're embarrassed?
Of my father?
What about your trashy,
hoochie-mama
who can't keep
her boobs covered,
even though she has every
leopard print top ever made?
[Marty] Hey, hey!
What's going on here?!
[both] Nothing.
Nothing?
It better be nothing.
Emily, get over on vault.
I want to see your Yurchenko.
Lauren, chalk up
and get on bars.
Kaylie, Kaylie.
Kaylie, wait!
Is she OK?
I don't know what's wrong
with her.
Is this all because Marty
left The Rock to go to Denver?
It's not because Marty
went to Denver,
it's why
he went to Denver.
If I tell you something, do you
promise to keep your cool?
OK, come on.
You're up, Emily.
Let's go.
[rock music]
* Breathe
all the air around you *
* The only thing left
that's free *
* Store it in your tissue
* Tell the time is now
Two down, one to go.
What's that supposed to mean?
Kaylie threw a hissy fit
and stomped out of practice,
Emily just flubbed
a remedial vault.
So that just leaves you.
Although, it's a wonder
how any of you
can focus at all
in spite of your mothers.
I mean, Emily's
is a fashion victim,
Kaylie's is an adulterer,
and didn't I hear
your mother abandoned you
when you were a little girl?
Have you heard
from her lately?
[gasping]
My eyes! My eyes!
Oh, my God! I can't see!
Sasha, I thought you
said your girls
were gonna have it together.
Hey... hey, Kaylie.
I gotta go pack.
I need to get out of here.
I just got off the phone
with Summer.
She said you walked out
of practice. What happened?
I told Marty that I know
you had an affair with him.
[sighs] Why would you do that?
Because he expects me
to trust him.
And I can't do that.
I feel like I'm betraying Dad
by knowing what Marty did
and letting him stand there
and make a fool of us all!
I don't know how he can coach me
as if he's done nothing wrong!
But I can't be a part of this.
I made a terrible mistake
with Marty.
But I made a worse mistake
when I asked you
to keep my secret...
...my lie,
from your father.
- And for that I am truly sorry.
- It's fine.
I'll just quit
the National Team.
No, you will not.
I will not let you pay
the price for what I did.
I can't take it back, and I
can't get you a different coach,
but... I can take
away some of your burden
by telling your father
the truth.
Thank you.
Dr. Clijster!
Mrs. Keeler.
What can I do for you?
Isn't there
any more you can tell me
about this procedure that will
help me know this will work out?
I could give you all
these studies and analyses.
But I'm afraid that
wouldn't give you what you need.
What I need here is faith.
I'm trying,
but I just don't have it.
That's where you're wrong.
You seem to have abundant faith
that this won't work.
You're placing all your faith
in a negative outcome.
I wish I could help you,
but the choice doesn't come
from other people,
it comes from inside you.
I have to go.
Emily, there's no door there.
I can still see you.
Go ahead, see me.
I have nothing to hide from you!
Mr. Tanner, Mom? Mr. Tanner?
What about The Rock's
no-dating rule?
I don't work out
at The Rock. You do.
And that policy
doesn't apply to parents,
Miss Kettle-Black-Pot-Caller.
Couldn't you find a man who
didn't have a kid at The Rock?
Honey...
We have been out
to dinner twice.
And I'm gonna call
it off with him.
You're not going
to see him anymore?
No.
Not if it upsets you this much.
Did you have feelings for him?
It's not worth finding out.
You are my priority, and I'm
just gonna tell Steve that.
Honey, I'm sorry
that you had a bad day.
It was a disaster.
I feel like if we don't go
to China, our careers are over.
- Honey.
- [phone ringing]
[Chloe] Is that one of the boys
you're not dating?
It's Sasha.
He wants us back at The Rock.
Tonight? Well, what's up?
I don't know.
But after today,
I'm afraid to find out.
Hey. I was thinking
we should do Italy next.
Rent a car, drive
through wine country?
- Alex...
- Umbria, Tuscany...
What's wrong? Is it Kaylie?
We need to talk.
There's something
I have to tell you.
Look, we know we
screwed up today.
We're so sorry.
We didn't mean...
[Sasha] Actually...
...I screwed up.
I set a bad example.
How can I expect you
to control your emotions
when your coach
can't even control his?
Personally, I thought
you were awesome.
- [scoffs]
- We've totally blown it,
haven't we?
No, you haven't.
Today was a nightmare day, but
I just had a meeting with Marty.
And he agreed, under the
circumstances, that today
was a private practice
and will remain so.
Tomorrow the National Committee
will be observing you
with a completely clean slate.
Marty assures me that
you all have as good a chance
as any of the girls
of going to China.
But you have to bring your best
and you focus on nothing
but kicking ass.
Can you do that?
Can I get a "rock on"?
- One, two, three.
- [all] Rock on!
I envy you, Mark.
It's so easy for you
to get behind this surgery.
When I close my eyes,
I see Payson,
paralyzed...
...or miserable or even worse.
I have reservations,
just like you.
But you have hope.
And you believe.
For me, that feels
like jumping off a cliff.
I'm trying,
I'm really trying.
But I can't.
And she needs me to do it.
Maybe you don't need
to find hope.
Let go of the fear,
and maybe if you do that,
hope will find you.
[scoffs]
What are you so afraid of?
Oh, God.
What am I not afraid of?
You? You're so strong.
Oh!
I was terrified when Payson
was five years old
and started swinging
off the bannister.
And I was afraid every time
she learned some new
death-defying trick.
[crying] And I was afraid when
I let her take the cortisone!
Hey. It's OK.
No, it's not!
I knew she was too hurt!
And I knew I shouldn't let
her take the cortisone!
- [Mark] What
are you talking about?
- Payson got hurt on my watch.
I never should have let her
take the cortisone.
compete injured.
This is all my fault!
[sighs]
I ruined our daughter's life,
and I can't make
that mistake again! I can't!
That's not true.
Don't do this to yourself.
There's no such thing
as your watch or my watch.
I don't look at it that way.
And I know Payson doesn't.
This accident would've happened
with or without the cortisone.
You can't hold
yourself responsible.
You can't.
And you can't let that feeling
of responsibility keep
the one hope Payson has
to live out her dream! It's
not your fault, Kim! It's not.
Don't make it your fault!
And you can do this.
And you can hope.
She's gonna be OK.
This is the right thing to do.
Maybe I can start
to believe that.
Hey, I'm scared too.
Why don't we just do what we
do with everything else?
Side by side.
- We jump over
that cliff together.
- [laughs]
OK. [crying]
Marty?
The National Committee
is ready to observe.
- We've got some big decisions
to make today.
- Yep.
Let's get started.
This is it.
Let's kill it.
[rock music playing]
* For the love of the game
* I'm going higher
* I'm giving it my all
* For the love of the game
* I'll push myself harder
* I'm gonna live out loud
* This time I'll
even up the score *
* One more play
This game is mine *
* Uh-huh
* I can't fake it anymore
* Just give me something real
* Here I go
* For the love of the game
* I'm going higher
* I'm giving it my all
* For the love of the game
* I'm going higher
* I'm giving it my all
* For the love of the game
* I'll push myself harder
* I'm gonna live
out loud, yeah *
You can do it.
Double Arabian.
- [woman on PA] Dr...
- OK, are we ready?
[clears throat] Yes, we are.
We are, right?
You betcha.
We'll be waiting here for you
when you get out.
And we'll be there
on the sidelines when
you go to the Olympics.
I love you, Mom.
You too, Dad.
Thanks for believing
in my future.
Way to go, girls.
You nailed it.
Looks like we're
going to China.
OK, could everyone
gather around, please.
[Marty] We've made our
final decision.
As you all know, the competition
was very tight today.
But of course we can only
take six of you to China.
Congrats to the
following girls:
[Marty] Tara.
Renae.
Kelly.
Lauren.
Beth.
And lastly...
It's you.
Andrea.
I'm going to China!
I can't believe this.
But it won't be as much fun
without you guys.
"But I'm the National Champ."
Don't you get it, Kaylie?
No one cares.
Your reign is over.
Emily Kmetko had
a fantastic day.
Kaylie Cruz
was perfect out there.
She even nailed
a double Arabian.
Which, I understand,
Marty told her to
take out of her routine.
What's going on here?
We're confident with
the team we took to the EU.
Why mess with success?
Because my girls are better
than some of the girls
on your supposed dream team.
Your girls are inconsistent
in performance and attitude.
They were consistent today.
And yesterday they were
storming out of practice
and throwing chalk
in their teammate's eyes.
And we heard they weren't
the only ones out of control.
He told you.
Mr. Belov, we know more
than you think we do.
Well, since the National
Committee is so well informed,
you'll know why Kaylie Cruz
has had problems
with Marty as her coach.
Let's not get into
unsubstantiated rumors. Look.
Our money's on
Kelly Parker.
Hers is the image the gymnastics
association wants to project.
That is total bull,
and you know it!
Look, Belov.
We weren't thrilled
when we heard you were
coming out of retirement
to coach this club,
and we were right.
There might be some sports
where a rogue coach
and his renegade athletes
are prized.
But that is not gymnastics.
Marty and Kelly Parker can be
counted on to toe the line.
It is a sport of discipline.
You and your girls?
You let your passion
run away with you.
Our passion?
Come on.
Emily Kmetko does
street routines.
Kaylie Cruz has one good day,
but she's an emotional mess.
And Payson Keeler
pushed herself so hard...
Well, we all know
what happened to her.
We're going to stick to
the girls we can keep in line.
Hey.
I still can't believe this.
What the hell happened?
I don't know.
I feel like it was finally all
flowing for me today, you know?
Today I felt like
I really deserved it.
What do we do now?
I don't know.
If it's any consolation,
I totally hate Chinese food.
What did they see in you
that they didn't in me?
I'm National Champion!
Thanks for the support,
Kaylie.
I'm the renegade coach?
You're the one
who committed adultery.
who crossed every boundary.
You're the one
who abandoned these girls.
- Calm down, Sasha.
- Don't tell me to calm down.
This is the kind
of reactiveness
the Committee sees
in you and your girls.
Are you kidding?
I thought we agreed
you weren't gonna tell them
what happened yesterday.
Whoa, I didn't.
I didn't.
I give you my word.
For what it's worth.
- What happened?
- This isn't fair, Sasha!
No, it isn't fair.
It's politics.
The National Committee decided
even before they came here
that you girls
didn't deserve to go to China.
Why?
They think we're
a rogue gym.
So what should we do?
They think we're renegades now?
They haven't seen anything yet.